c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Logger.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Logger.Tests.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Logger.Tests.pdb
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Logger.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Logger.pdb
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\obj\Debug\MFU.Logger.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\obj\Debug\MFU.Logger.Tests.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Logger.Tests\obj\Debug\MFU.Logger.Tests.pdb
