c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.Tests.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.Tests.pdb
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Service.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Models.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.pdb
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Service.pdb
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Models.pdb
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.Tests.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.Tests.pdb
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Dapper.SimpleCRUD.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Dapper.SimpleCRUD.pdb
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Dapper.SimpleCRUD.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.Tests.dll.config
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.Tests.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.Tests.pdb
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Service.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Models.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.DataAccess.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Dapper.SimpleCRUD.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.pdb
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Service.pdb
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Models.pdb
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.DataAccess.pdb
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Dapper.SimpleCRUD.pdb
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Dapper.SimpleCRUD.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.Tests.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\MFU.WebAPI.Tests.pdb
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Localization.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Localization.pdb
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\en-US\MFU.Localization.resources.dll
