c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Utils.Tests.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Utils.Tests.pdb
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Utils.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Utils.pdb
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\obj\Debug\MFU.Utils.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\obj\Debug\MFU.Utils.Tests.dll
c:\users\pcmiws11\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\obj\Debug\MFU.Utils.Tests.pdb
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Utils.Tests.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Utils.Tests.pdb
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Utils.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\MFU.Utils.pdb
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\obj\Debug\MFU.Utils.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\obj\Debug\MFU.Utils.Tests.dll
C:\dev\MFUTemplate\MFU.Utils.Tests\obj\Debug\MFU.Utils.Tests.pdb
